Add Security section to docs (#378)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/security/operations.md

## Logging

> Polygon Labs uses a variety of SaaS and bespoke infrastructure. Where audit logs are provided by those services, they are collected into a centralized repository and stored for a minimum of 30 days to support investigations should a security incident arise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs uses a variety of SaaS and bespoke infrastructure. Where audit logs are provided by those services, they are collected into a centralized repository and stored for a minimum of 30 days to support investigations should a security incident arise.

```

> Polygon Labs leverages a variety of SaaS and bespoke infrastructure. Where audit logs are provided from those services, they are collected into a centralized repository and stored for a minimum of 30 days to support investigations should a security incident arise.
> Logs are reviewed automatically for anomalies to feed Polygon Labs' threat detection models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs uses a variety of SaaS and bespoke infrastructure. Where audit logs are provided by those services, they are collected into a centralized repository and stored for a minimum of 30 days to support investigations should a security incident arise.
Logs are reviewed automatically for anomalies to feed Polygon Labs' threat detection models.
```

## Logging

Polygon Labs uses a variety of SaaS and bespoke infrastructure. Where audit logs are provided by those services, they are collected into a centralized repository and stored for a minimum of 30 days to support investigations should a security incident arise.

Logs are reviewed automatically for anomalies to feed Polygon Labs' threat detection models.

## Monitoring

> Polygon Labs relies on a variety of sources generating alerts for potential security incidents. Those sources include, but are not limited to, Google Workspace, Falcon CrowdStrike, AWS GuardDuty, GCP Security Command Center, Cloudflare, and Okta. Every system with built in anomaly or threat detection directs their findings to a centralized SIEM, Coralogix, for our security analysts to review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs relies on a variety of sources that generate alerts for potential security incidents. Those sources include, but are not limited to, Google Workspace, Falcon CrowdStrike, AWS GuardDuty, GCP Security Command Center, Cloudflare, and Okta. Every system with built-in anomaly or threat detection directs its findings to a centralized SIEM, Coralogix, for our security analysts to review.
```

Polygon Labs has security analysts distributed globally to help ensure timely triage of security alerts.

## Incident response

> Polygon Labs established an incident response policy and process modeled after industry best practices. We designate key people to act as subject matter experts to join the incident response team as needed depending on the nature of a given cyber security incident. We also leverage third-party agencies to complement our incident response team from top tier security vendors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs has established an incident response policy and process that is modeled on industry best practices. We designate key people to act as subject matter experts to join the incident response team as needed and depending on the nature of a given cyber security incident. We also use third-party agencies to complement our incident response team from top tier security vendors.
```

> The life cycle of a cyber security incident begins with detection and discovery. At Polygon Labs we leverage a variety of tools such as anti-virus, endpoint detection and response, network intrusion detection, phish screening and anomaly detection to help ensure we identify potential cyber security events early. We also provide our employees and community with mechanisms to proactively report suspicious activity including a ticketing system, instant messaging channels and a dedicated phone number for emergencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The life cycle of a cyber security incident begins with detection and discovery. At Polygon Labs we have a variety of tools such as anti-virus, endpoint detection and response, network intrusion detection, phish screening and anomaly detection to help ensure we identify potential cyber security events early. We also provide our employees and community with mechanisms to proactively report suspicious activity including a ticketing system, instant messaging channels and a dedicated phone number for emergencies.
```

> When an incident is identified the security operations team performs triage and draws on our roster of subject matter experts to help with investigation and analysis. If an incident is declared a true positive we move from analysis to containment, remediation and recovery. Along the way, we document the timeline of the incident and preserve evidence. Our incident response team works closely with our legal and compliance teams to help ensure we take the correct steps in handling information that may be required for legal or regulatory responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an incident is identified, the security operations team performs triage and draws on our roster of subject matter experts to help with investigation and analysis. If an incident is declared a true positive we move from analysis to containment, remediation, and recovery. Along the way, we document the timeline of the incident and preserve evidence. Our incident response team works closely with our legal and compliance teams to help ensure we take the correct steps in handling information that may be required for legal or regulatory responses.
```

> Polygon Labs carefully considers when, how and who to communicate with during incident response. Impacted stakeholders are sent notifications in a timely manner to ensure they can take reasonable steps to protect their information if necessary. Polygon Labs also makes every effort to work with law enforcement to the degree required by the laws of the jurisdictions that we operate in, which may be different depending on the nature of the cyber security incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs carefully considers when, how, and who to communicate with during incident response. Impacted stakeholders are sent notifications in a timely manner to ensure they can take reasonable steps to protect their information if necessary. Polygon Labs also makes every effort to work with law enforcement to the degree required by the laws of the jurisdictions that we operate in, which may be different depending on the nature of the cyber security incident.
```

In order to ensure the incident response process remains relevant, we conduct regular incident response exercises if no real security incident has occurred after a given period.

## Authentication & access control

> Polygon Labs establishes standards for authentication & access control in its information security policy and information security standards documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs establishes standards for authentication and access control in its information security policy and information security standards documents.
```

> To ensure the security of our corporate systems, all employees must adhere to strict password requirements.  Passwords should be changed regularly according to our guidelines and two-factor authentication is mandatory for accessing sensitive systems. Default, shared, or easily guessable passwords are strictly prohibited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the security of our corporate systems, all employees must adhere to strict password requirements. Passwords should be changed regularly according to our guidelines and two-factor authentication is mandatory for accessing sensitive systems. Default, shared, or easily guessable passwords are strictly prohibited.
```
